Get your dirty hands out
I am the heir of the Lu family, Prince Yu Jin. What's wrong?
I'm too scared to kill me
Tell you
If I get out of here alive today
Tomorrow is the day you and those two bitches die
Do you think I dare to kill you, Lu Ming?
He is Prince Yujing
It wasn't just you who killed him
And Chu Tang and my Uncle Li will suffer
Don't let me find out
When Tianlong Jun was leaked
Humen's slaughter of Li Hu has something to do with you
Otherwise you can be embarrassed
Good to go home
Swordsman, are you alright?
What's the use of you
I'll send you some foreign devils.
Changsheng Tuluo can share with them
But they have to help me kill someone
How's it going?
Miss Li was drugged
I have pushed the pharmacology out
It will wake up soon, thank you Dr. Fang
This saved two of our women's lives.
You don't need to thank me.
It is my pleasure to serve Mr. Lu
Doctor Fang, I'm fine